Tidy ups to upgrade guide (#42910)
rails/rails: guides/source/upgrading_ruby_on_rails.md

and that caused problems if the video faded in from black. This change requires
FFmpeg v3.4+.

### ActiveStorage default variant processor changed to `:vips`

For new apps, image transformation will use libvips instead of ImageMagick. This will reduce
the time taken to generate variants as well as CPU and memory usage, improving response

> times in apps that rely on active storage to serve their images.

Reviewer: Not sure if this copy is better than before, we can  retain the one before.

Author: ooops, that's what happens when you use the github editor!

The `:mini_magick` option is not being deprecated, so it is fine to keep using it.

To migrate an existing app to libvips, set:

```ruby
Rails.application.config.active_storage.variant_processor = :vips
```

> You will then need tochange existing image transformation code to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will then need to change existing image transformation code to the
```

`image_processing` macros, and replace ImageMagick's options with libvips' options.

#### Replace resize with resize_to_limit
```diff
- variant(resize: "100x")
+ variant(resize_to_limit: [100, nil])
```

> If you don't do this, when you switch to vips you will see this error: `no implicit conversion to float from string`.

Reviewer: `forget to` seems better to read, lets retain that.

Author: I don't agree - I think it is prescribing a motivation that isn't relevant. Whether you forget, or you just don't bother, or you choose not to, you will get the same outcome. It's also more concise this way.

Reviewer: > or you just don't bother, or you choose not to

When would someone choose not to? (Is that a valid case to assume?)

Author: 🤷  I can't think of any good reasons. I acknowledge this is a pretty semantic argument.

Reviewer 2: If you switch to vips your code will break if you don’t change. 

I assumed someone changing to vips who did not change this, would have forgotten about the change (like I did). That was my motivation for “forget”. 

That said, english is not my first language and I don’t speak it daily, so I’m not familiar with the fine points of the language. And as a novice in contributing, I’m not familiar with Rails language for documentation. 

However, as somone who speaks Brazilian Portuguese, “don’t do” sounds more neutral than “forget to do”.

Maybe we need a guide on language for Rails? At least for people contributing to documentation?

Author: Yeah, I don't think there's an official language guide, as long as it makes sense that's 99% of it. I just wrote this the way I would say it to someone in person, which I think is a good tone for this sort of guide.

Reviewer 3: There is the wording chapter in the API guide: https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/api_documentation_guidelines.html#wording

Reviewer 3: I think moving the comma makes more sense, as "not doing this" only applies to moving to vips.
I also think having `this` refer to something later in the sentence is a bit odd.
```suggestion
If you don't do this when migrating to vips, you will see the following error: `no implicit conversion to float from string`.
```
Or maybe:
```suggestion
If you don't do this when migrating to vips, it will raise an error with `no implicit conversion to float from string`.
```

and that caused problems if the video faded in from black. This change requires
FFmpeg v3.4+.

### Active Storage default variant processor changed to `:vips`

For new apps, image transformation will use libvips instead of ImageMagick. This will reduce
the time taken to generate variants as well as CPU and memory usage, improving response

> times in apps that rely on active storage to serve their images. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
times in apps that rely on Active Storage to serve their images. 
```

The `:mini_magick` option is not being deprecated, so it is fine to keep using it.

To migrate an existing app to libvips, set:

```ruby
Rails.application.config.active_storage.variant_processor = :vips
```

You will then need to change existing image transformation code to the
`image_processing` macros, and replace ImageMagick's options with libvips' options.

#### Replace resize with resize_to_limit
```diff
- variant(resize: "100x")
+ variant(resize_to_limit: [100, nil])
```

If you don't do this, when you switch to vips you will see this error: `no implicit conversion to float from string`.

#### Use an array when cropping
```diff
- variant(crop: "1920x1080+0+0")
+ variant(crop: [0, 0, 1920, 1080])
```

> If you don't do this, when you switch to vips you will see this error: `unable to call crop: you supplied 2 arguments, but operation needs 5`.

Reviewer 3: I think moving the comma makes more sense, as "not doing this" only applies to moving to vips.
I also think having `this` refer to something later in the sentence is a bit odd.
```suggestion
If you don't do this when migrating to vips, you will see the following error: `unable to call crop: you supplied 2 arguments, but operation needs 5`.
```

#### Clamp your crop values:

Vips is more strict than ImageMagick when it comes to cropping:

1. It will not crop if `x` and/or `y` are negative values. e.g.: `[-10, -10, 100, 100]`
2. It will not crop if position (`x` or `y`) plus crop dimension (`width`, `height`) is larger than the image. e.g.: a 125x125 image and a crop of `[50, 50, 100, 100]`

> If you don't do this, when you switch to vips you will see this error: `extract_area: bad extract area`

Reviewer 3: I think moving the comma makes more sense, as "not doing this" only applies to moving to vips.
I also think having `this` refer to something later in the sentence is a bit odd.
```suggestion
If you don't do this when migrating to vips, you will see the following error: `extract_area: bad extract area`
```

```diff
- variant(monochrome: true)
+ variant(colourspace: "b-w")
```

#### Switch to libvips options for compressing images
JPEG

```diff
- variant(strip: true, quality: 80, interlace: "JPEG", sampling_factor: "4:2:0", colorspace: "sRGB")
+ variant(saver: { strip: true, quality: 80, interlace: true })
```

PNG

```diff
- variant(strip: true, quality: 75)
+ variant(saver: { strip: true, compression: 9 })
```

WEBP

```diff
- variant(strip: true, quality: 75, define: { webp: { lossless: false, alpha_quality: 85, thread_level: 1 } })
+ variant(saver: { strip: true, quality: 75, lossless: false, alpha_q: 85, reduction_effort: 6, smart_subsample: true })
```

GIF

```diff
- variant(layers: "Optimize")
+ variant(saver: { optimize_gif_frames: true, optimize_gif_transparency: true })
```

#### Deploy to production
Active Storage encodes into the url for the image the list of transformations that must be performed.
If your app is caching these urls, your images will break after you deploy the new code to production.
Because of this you must manually invalidate your affected cache keys.

For example, if you have something like this in a view:

> ```ruby

Reviewer 3: I think this should stay `rhtml`, it just requires the new line above it.
The following example uses `ruby` for the first example and `rhtml` for the second one:
<img width="678" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28561/129712699-c9d1c4b8-0716-4dd5-90f8-789a936619d4.png">
